ReadMe.md, before:

>:construction: **STATUS: This project is currently under development.** :construction:
# AWS Serverless Password Generator

This project is a simple web application for generating secure passwords, designed to demonstrate a complete web app development process including front-end, back-end, architecture, and deployment pipeline. It leverages a serverless architecture on AWS and includes features like password generation and storage.

Access the live project [here](https://pass.vaisnavsingkautick.com)

## Features

- Generate random, secure passwords.
- Store generated passwords securely in DynamoDB.
- Interface to retrieve and manage stored passwords.

## Technologies Used
- Frontend: React.js, hosted on AWS S3 and served using AWS CloudFront.
- Backend: AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB.
- Infrastructure: AWS API Gateway, Route53, WAF, SSM Parameter Store, Certificate Manager.
- CI/CD: GitHub Actions.
- Infrastructure As Code (IAC): Terraform.

## Architecture Diagram
![Architecture Diagram](docs/images/Architecture_diagram.jpeg)

## Usage
As this is a web application hosted on AWS, there is no installation necessary for the end user. Developers looking to run a local version of the app will need to install Node.js and React.js, and configure AWS CLI with the appropriate permissions.

## Deployment
This project uses GitHub Actions for Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) and Terraform for Infrastructure as Code (IaC). New changes can be deployed by creating a new Pull request to the main branch, and commenting "Deploy" in the comment section of the PR
## Getting Started

For detailed instructions and additional configuration options, please refer to the [documentation](docs/).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Team Communication Web Tool project. To contribute, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch: `git checkout -b my-branch`
2. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add new feature'`
3. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-branch`
4. Submit a pull request

Please ensure that your code adheres to the project's coding standards and includes appropriate tests.


## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please reach out at kautickv29@gmail.com

## Current Issues

1. Every time the Terraform script is applied, a new layer is created irrespective of whether changes have been made to the layer. This can consume a lot of storage and cost money.

Commit message:

Updated all wordings of password generator to Utility Hub and Multitab opener to Link Manager

ReadMe.md, after:

>:construction: **STATUS: This project is currently under development.** :construction:
# AWS Serverless Utility Hub: My Tech Toolkit

Hey there! Welcome to the Utility Hub. I've put together some cool software tools that I find super useful. Made this for fun, and thought I'd share with friends and family. Feel free to check it out and let me know what you think. Enjoy!

Access the live project [here](https://pass.vaisnavsingkautick.com)

## Features

- Password generator
- Dynamic Link Management tool

## Technologies Used
- Frontend: React.js, hosted on AWS S3 and served using AWS CloudFront.
- Backend: AWS Lambda, AWS DynamoDB.
- Infrastructure: AWS API Gateway, Route53, WAF, SSM Parameter Store, Certificate Manager.
- CI/CD: GitHub Actions.
- Infrastructure As Code (IAC): Terraform.

## Architecture Diagram
![Architecture Diagram](docs/images/Architecture_diagram.jpeg)

## Usage
As this is a web application hosted on AWS, there is no installation necessary for the end user. Developers looking to run a local version of the app will need to install Node.js and React.js, and configure AWS CLI with the appropriate permissions.

## Deployment
This project uses GitHub Actions for Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment (CI/CD) and Terraform for Infrastructure as Code (IaC). New changes can be deployed by creating a new Pull request to the main branch, and commenting "Deploy" in the comment section of the PR
## Getting Started

For detailed instructions and additional configuration options, please refer to the [documentation](docs/).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Team Communication Web Tool project. To contribute, please follow these guidelines:

1. Fork the repository and create your branch: `git checkout -b my-branch`
2. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add new feature'`
3. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-branch`
4. Submit a pull request

Please ensure that your code adheres to the project's coding standards and includes appropriate tests.


## Contact

For any questions or inquiries, please reach out at kautickv29@gmail.com

## Current Issues

1. Every time the Terraform script is applied, a new layer is created irrespective of whether changes have been made to the layer. This can consume a lot of storage and cost money.
